Brother Ye Xuan
This is for you.
You take it to your father's town and sell it
Can you exchange it for 5kg of bright silver?
These are your scales. Hmm.
Doesn't it hurt to unplug so much? It doesn't hurt. It doesn't hurt.
It doesn't hurt at all.
It obviously hurts to death, okay?
Don't do this again
I know how to get the money.
Yochengguan
Just ahead.
OK
Nice work.
But no one was found
You can look for it again
If you can't find it
Hahahaha
fair
Brother Ye Xuan has eaten
Oh.
What is this?
Oh, it's herbal medicine.
Wild vegetables and mushrooms
I plan to
Sell them to the restaurants and pharmacies in town
These things can be used as medicine
You can also cook.
Awesome!
Each herb has its own unique uses
Like this one.
This is called ghost foot mushroom.
If you take it for a long time, you will become smarter.
This is psychedelic, brother Ye Xuan, are you alright?
Yeah.
Why is it blooming on your head?
Here are the roses.
Here are the peonies
Brother Ye Xuan, hahaha, are you really okay?
White shoes
I'm here now.
Every day is so happy, brother Bai Xi Yeshen
I'm so happy every day, hahahaha, Bai Xi
You are really, really beautiful
Ah!
Well, he's really good at talking nonsense, oops.